alert1YT.jpg	  elevator1RB.jpg     naked1GC.jpg	 skeptical3RM.jpg
aloof4GC.jpg	  engine3BC.jpg       noisy3BM.jpg	 slow2GM.jpg
appliance4GC.jpg  filenamelist.txt    noisy3GM.jpg	 solemn2RC.jpg
barrel1YC.jpg	  hairpin3YB.jpg      nonchalant2RC.jpg  sour4GT.jpg
bench4RB.jpg	  hammer4GM.jpg       pamphlet2BT.jpg	 statue2RC.jpg
bland3YT.jpg	  haphazard3BT.jpg    passage2GT.jpg	 stiff2YB.jpg
blond3GM.jpg	  hard4BC.jpg	      patient1BM.jpg	 stomach2YT.jpg
cabinet4GM.jpg	  humble1YM.jpg       phase3BB.jpg	 storm3YM.jpg
chair1BT.jpg	  icebox3YC.jpg       plain1BM.jpg	 stove2BT.jpg
clock3BM.jpg	  indifferent1YM.jpg  pungent3GT.jpg	 street4YT.jpg
clock3GM.jpg	  journal1BB.jpg      quality4RB.jpg	 subdued4BB.jpg
coarse2BB.jpg	  kerchief2GB.jpg     quiet3RB.jpg	 swamp2BB.jpg
column4RC.jpg	  lavish1RT.jpg       radiator3BB.jpg	 swift1GT.jpg
contents4GT.jpg   limber4GC.jpg       rain3GM.jpg	 taxi4YM.jpg
context2GT.jpg	  locker4RB.jpg       repentant3BC.jpg	 tidy2GB.jpg
cord1RM.jpg	  machine2RM.jpg      reserved3YM.jpg	 timid4BM.jpg
cork2GT.jpg	  mantel4GM.jpg       reverent4RM.jpg	 tool3RC.jpg
corridor2YM.jpg   meek3BB.jpg	      rough3RC.jpg	 trunk1BB.jpg
curious4YB.jpg	  modest1GT.jpg       rusty3RB.jpg	 umbrella2GM.jpg
curtains4RT.jpg   month1YC.jpg	      scissors1RT.jpg	 volcano4YT.jpg
detached2YC.jpg   moral1BC.jpg	      serious1RC.jpg	 windmill2RC.jpg
doctor1GB.jpg	  muddy3YC.jpg	      sheltered1YT.jpg	 yellow1BC.jpg
elbow2RT.jpg	  mystic2YB.jpg       shy4YB.jpg
